Quick link fixes throughout docs and repo (#3776)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/DOCS_README.md

- https://tendermint-staging.interblock.io/docs/

built from the files in this (`/docs`) directory for
[master](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/tree/master/docs) respectively.

## How It Works

There is a CircleCI job listening for changes in the `/docs` directory, on both

> the `master` branch. Any updates to files in this directory

Reviewer: 👍 gone

> the `master` and `develop` branches. Any updates to files in this directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `master` branch. Any updates to files in this directory
```
